If you want to see a nightmarish hotel experience, read on¡­

When I arrived at this hotel in the evening (~7 pm), the hotel claims that it can not find my booking record through c-trip, even after I show the c-trip confirmation email to the staff at front desk. I was then told the room that I booked is full (business room), but that I had to pay an extra 100/night for a different room. The hotel just conveniently happened to be in the midst of remodeling ¨C it was loud and disturbing. I had to call the front desk about this because the awful noise was really bothering me and was told that construction would stop at 8 pm. Only after a second complaint with a raised voice did they agree to try to stop the construction right away. The second day, I had to request a room change because I couldn't work in the room - I should have changed hotels at that point, as I now thoroughly regret staying. 

The new room, located at the other end of the building, was thankfully much quieter (why didn't the hotel just give me this room in the first place?). After a shower in the evening (a regular 10 min one), I noticed that the carpet near the shower wall outside the bedroom was wet, but I didn't really pay much attention to it. An hour later, when I was watching TV, I heard a large boom! and everything ¨C all lights, the TV, all other electronics¨C stopped functioning; there had apparently been a blackout. I called front desk, and a few minutes later a service clerk showed up. He played with the circuit break for while and then decided that fixing it was beyond him. He called for engineers and two of them showed up. They fiddled with the circuit break a bit more, and decided that it is the circuit outside. Around three minutes later, they managed to &quot;fix&quot; the electricity. I thanked them, and went back to my TV to hopefully continue the show that I was watching. I must have been getting my hopes up too high, because in less than five minutes, I heard another boom! and everything went dark again. I called again, waited a bit more, sat through some more fiddling, and finally the lights were back on again. I thanked them again, and turned on TV, sincerely hoping for no more problems. As if. Boom! Dark again. Repeated the same process back and forth about three times, and the &quot;engineers&quot; finally decided that it couldn't be fixed. They told me that maybe the water from the shower had something to do with it, and that I needed to change a room. I really didn't need this, but I collected my belongings anyway - with the help a flash light (now turning dim with extended use), and moved to another room. When the clerk asked for the room key for the dark room, I told him that I needed to hold on to it until second day so I could check and make sure I didn't leave anything behind, since I did all my &quot;packing&quot; and &quot;relocation&quot; in the dark. He agreed and left. I was finally able to finish the show I was watching; at least I was able to catch the last two minutes of it! 

I planned to leave the hotel at after 11:30 the next morning to catch my flight at 1:40pm, and planned to sleep in and relax a bit before leaving. However, at 7:30 I heard a knock on my door, and it turns out that it was the cleaning lady bringing me my shoes and medicine from the other room. Well this pretty much ruined my whole day, and I had to fully wake up, get dressed, and answer the door. I then asked the cleaning lady as to why she would come knock on my door, and she told me that the others told her to do so. I asked her why she would come at such a ridiculously early time. I don't remember her reply, but I do remember that during checkout the hotel charged me double for their internet service, one for the room I had actually used the internet in and one for the room I moved out of. I was pretty damned upset at this point, and explained my situation to them and the fact that I had moved out of that previous room. It took them over a half hour to clean up their &quot;mess&quot;, so to speak, and in the end I didn't even get an apology. I requested an apology from them, but I was rudely ignored. So I walked out of this hotel fuming mad, knowing that there would be no way in hell I'd ever stay there again.
				      				    